Sunset DI log probes and prepare Live Debugger docs for GA (#37791)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/dynamic_instrumentation/symdb/_index.md

## Explore autocomplete and search

Autocomplete and search make Dynamic Instrumentation behave more like an IDE by supporting class and method search, code display, and expression autocomplete.

> Use class and method search to find where to add instrumentation. When you select a method in the Dynamic Instrumentation configuration, Datadog displays the code for that method. Dynamic Instrumentation also provides autocomplete for expression templates that use the [Dynamic Instrumentation expression language][5].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Autocomplete and search make Dynamic Instrumentation behave like an IDE:

- **Class and method search**: Find where to add instrumentation.
- **Code display**: When you select a method in the Dynamic Instrumentation configuration, Datadog displays the code for that method.
- **Expression autocomplete**: Get suggestions for expression templates that use the [Dynamic Instrumentation expression language][5].
```
